I said that the eldest lady will definitely not lie to us
Now let's see how some poor acids can be explained
Song Tiantian
What you bought can't be the outermost sport, right?
It's just the scraps used to keep the dust out for the luxury area
A true upscale luxury area
His room book is red with a gold edge
Haven't you seen it?
You poor
Have you ever bought a house?
Have you seen the real estate certificate? It's red and gold-trimmed.
I seem to have heard
The real estate certificate in the luxury area does have a Phnom Penh.
That's not possible.
This is a genuine anti-product.
Real estate license in the luxury area
The whole anti-cheng Yipin belongs to my family.
Would I not know?
Is that right?
You bring me the new issue of the real estate certificate.
Let's see.
Shut up, you poor, you deserve it too
I see
You're the liar who can't come up with anything.
open
This is Kangshen Yipin Deluxe Area
All documents for 888 villas